change the default ttl to infinite (#1678)
microsoft/appcenter-sdk-apple: CHANGELOG.md

* **[Feature]** Now supports tvOS.

> 

Author: no idea why it contains two versions header, removed one...

> ### AppCenterData

Author: is apple sdk also space friendly? 🤔

Reviewer: This looks fine.

* **[Feature]** Add support for offline list of documents.

> * **[Feature]** Change the default offline persistence from 1 day to infinite.

Reviewer: Let's use the same terminology `time-to-live (TTL)` as in the docs (https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/appcenter/sdk/data/ios).

```suggestion
* **[Feature]** Change the default device time-to-live (TTL) from 1 day to infinite (never expire).
```

Author: woo.. how about remove `device` in this sentence? :)
